HappyTrip is an online Bus Ticketing application created using Angular and spring boot with MySql database. It gives a seamless experience to user while booking bus tickets. It is loaded with many eye catching features. Users can get all the available buses of desired route by providing information like source, destination, travelling date. Out of all the buses, user can choose the appropriate bus based upon their requirements. User can check the seat availability of the selected bus. A Visual seat selection system is provided to choose the desired seat which makes it a high class application and gives an excellent user experience. Seats availability is updated on every single transaction. It means once this seat is reserved then other user will not be allowed to choose it. Based upon the choosen seats, the final cart details and amount will be displayed in a tabular form. On next screen, user can apply available vouchers if the cart amount fulfills the voucher eligibility criteria. He will get mentioned percentage discount. After filling the basic details and submit, ticket will be generated with unique ticketId. This ticketId can be used to view ticket details anytime. User is allowed to cancel his ticket by using this ticketId. The appropriate refund will be credited into his account. This refund value depends upon the differece between departure date and cancellation date. If the user is loggedIn using Admin credentials, he is authorized with special features like he can add a new bus, add a new voucher,he can see the passenger details for the particular bus. HappyTrip as the name suggest, it is a highly optimized application with a best performance . Multiple small APIs are called instead of making bulky api call so as to improve its user experience by reducing the loading time. Application is completely dynamic and user friendly with proper use of alerts, material icons, angular material components that makes it a high class application.

